One thing I'd like to do is manage our sample data.
I'd like to insert and clean up sample data
using the BeforeEach and AfterEach
we'd like to insert some math, science, and history grades,
and then also clean up those given grades.
Alrighty, let's go ahead and swing into our IDE
and uh, let's get this set up.
And what I'll do is I'll open up my Student Grade
Service Test and I'll move down to the BeforeEach,
where we insert our sample data.
We already have some coding here for our student.
We'd like to do a similar thing here
for our math, science, and history grades.
I'll insert some sample data for math_grade
for student_id of one.
We'll do a similar thing here for science_grade
and also for history_grade.
And this one student here, Eric Roby, with the student_id
of one, 100% on everything, I love it.
Alrighty, so this coding is in place here for the
BeforeEach. Now let's do a similar thing for the cleanup
down in the AfterEach.
And effectively what we'll do here is we'll do the DELETE
from math_grade, science_grade, and also history_grade.
Alrighty so this looks really good, I like it.
And just as a sanity check here, let's go back
and run our test just to make sure that everything still
passes, make sure we didn't break anything.
And we're getting all green check marks, so this is great.
So all of our tests passed and uh, we're in good shape.
So I like this, good job.